# First meeting of PPEU board 2015-2016

* Meeting started at 13:06
* Attendees: Smári, Sven, Mab, Nina, Tale, Tony, Mikuláš, Muriel

## Meeting

* Introductions (name and superpower -- we have bios in an older pad)

* Taking stock of the situation:
  - What do we have, what do we need?
  - Formal registration
      - We're almost there, but we're going to scrap everything and register in Luxembourg.
      - Mab is running a task force for doing statute change proposals. (Mab, Toni, Vojtek, Stefan, Sven)
      - Two iterations online before the online council meeting (aiming for September)
      - Sven is tasked with completing the formal registration
      - Tale is going to set up a Doodle for the online council meeting date
  - Bank account
      - There is a bank account, Sven is managing the creation of a new account in Luxembourg
      - Sven will take over the current account from Gilles (Triodos account in BXL)
  - Current funds status
      - See Wiki, but we need a better overview (€4200 is current estimate)
      - Sven is going to set up proper accounting as soon as possible
      - €1200 got wired to Amelia's account in 2014, need to figure out where they are (probably spent to pay for the founding session)
  - Membership
      - Slovenia got added
      - Japan became an observer member
      - Deadline for paying membership fee postponed until we send formal invoices, which we can do after we have a formal organisation/juridical person
      - Members that have paid need receipts
  - Infrastructure
      - Website, Wiki (ppeu.net)
      - Server controlled by group of MEPs?
  - Mailing lists
- Tony will contact the PPI mailing list responsible and ask them to put the new board on the ppeu-board mailing list until we get our own mailing list(s)
  - Website
- See the bullet point " Access controls to website, etc" (line 38)
  - Email addresses
- will be done after the domain has been properly handed over
  - Access controls to website, etc
     - Gilles controls website currently
     - Bastian controls other website
     - ppeu.org (controlled by UK Pirates)
     - Mailing list is controlled by PPI
     - Facebook page, under our control
  - Next three months
     - Formal move to LU, project proposals platform, bank account, infrastructure control, etc.
     - Push members to start projects
     - Do an assessment of the status of the different parties around the continent, get contact people, etc.
     - New statutes
     - First online council meeting
     - Someone go to the PPDE GA next weekend (Würzburg, Bavaria, 25.-26. July) -- Tony, maybe joined by Muriel. Mikulaš may also join.
     - Dig up what the former board (almost) did
     - E-mail to the council delegates with thank you-stuff
     - Formal E-mail to all the member parties with the results of the council meeting

* Specific ideas for improvement
    - Improvements to website
    - The Wiki is a mess
    - Common asset store for promotional materials, etc (file server with tagging)
    - Wasa2il instance for voting
    - Set up a donations scheme
    - Set up a shop selling merchandise
    - Project platform (Pads, Mailing-Lists, …)

    Method from PPIS:  
        - Work is organized into working groups,
        - anybody can found a working group,
        - new working groups need to be announced publicly
        - a working group must have a name, stated purpose, and defined deliverable
        - anybody can join a working group,
        - working groups exist until it is no longer needed

* Homework assignments
 - Smári: Set up wasa2il when we have a server
 - Tale: Set up doodle for online meeting. Make a pad for the statement to PPDE GA.
 - Muriel: Administrate mailing lists, when they're up
 - Sven: Get accounting & bank account up and running, work on the statutes
 - Mab: Draft schedule for online council meeting
 - Antonios: Clone wiki and move to better Wiki software; other techie stuff. Set up mailing lists. Will message PPI to subscribe the new board to the board MLs
 - Nina: Party status assessment; election calendar
 - Mikulaš: Find the list of members generated by PP-DE. Ensure Vojtěch will do RoP for online meeting. Help Nina with election calendar.

Next board meeting:
   Sunday early evening, 17.00, PPEU-room on the PP-NRW Mumble


Meeting adjourned at 14:17 CEST.
